British English Academy.
C1 listening activity.
Course: C1 Advanced English.
Module 6: C1 Review, Portfolio and Performance Assessment.
Lesson 4: C1 Review, Portfolio and Performance Assessment: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen for precision, register and nuance.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can synthesise, justify, negotiate and adapt register in a listening task about policy.
Today you will practise language connected to policy.
Target language: nominalisation.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for c1 review, portfolio and performance assessment. You will learn useful language connected to policy and practise nominalisation. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C1 level.